Update README.md (#58)
deepset-ai/haystack-home: README.md

HTML template files are located at /themes/haystack/layouts

CSS (Sass) files are located at /themes/haystack/assets/sass

### Sitemap
To exclude any page from the sitemap add the following to the frontmatter of that page:
`sitemap_exclude: true`

> Consider this for pages that are versioned that are effectively duplicates of an original page with minot changes. E.g: Versioned Benchmarks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider this for pages that are versioned that are effectively duplicates of an original page with minor changes, for example the "Benchmarks" page.
```
